# irisnet_client.model.param.Param

A single parameter set for one classification, for example face, describing the behaviour of the AI. Each classification has default parameters that are set if these are empty.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | A single parameter set for one classification, for example face, describing the behaviour of the AI. Each classification has default parameters that are set if these are empty. | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**classification** | str,  | str,  | The classification of the object, that the element refers to. The following is a tree representation of the prototypes and their containing classifications. Default parameter values are defined per classification object. The default values of &#x27;min&#x27;, &#x27;max&#x27; and &#x27;drawMode&#x27; are witten after the name of the classification object in that order. Use the prototype names to set parameters to all of the containing classifications. ##### nudityCheck &gt; _A prototype containing classifications for basic human attributes and sexual contents. This prototype and the containing classifications are activated by default_ * _face_ _(1, 3, 0)_ * _hand_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _foot_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _footwear_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _chest_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _breast_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _vulva_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _penis_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _vagina_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _buttocks_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _anus_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _toy_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _oral_ _(0, 0, 2)_ * _penetration_ _(0, 0, 2)_ ##### ageEstimation &gt; _Contains classification objects for estimating the age of a human face. This prototype activates nudityCheck_ * _child (*)_ _(0, 0, 6)_ * _adult (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _senior (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _pose_ _(0, 0, 0)_ - The age can not be estimated, due to a pose that hides facial features. ##### attributesCheck &gt; _Contains classification objects for various attributes of the human face. This prototype activates nudityCheck_ * _female (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _male (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _hair_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _hairless_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _beard_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _moustache_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _headpiece_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _glasses_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _sunglasses_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _mask_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _slimSizedFace (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _realSizedFace (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _plusSizedFace (*)_ _(0, -1, 0)_ ##### nippleCheck &gt; _Contains classifications for determining if the object recognized as breast has a nipple. This prototype activates nudityCheck_ * _noNipple_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _hasNipple_ _(0, 0, 0)_ ##### bodyAttributes &gt; _Contains classification objects for determining the body size._ * _slimSized_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _realSized_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _plusSized_ _(0, -1, 0)_ ##### illegalSymbols &gt; _Contains various classification objects of symbols that are prohibited in Germany (e.g. Hakenkreuz, SS, etc). These are grouped under a single name_ * _illegalSymbols_ _(0, 0, 1)_ ##### unwantedSubstances &gt; _Contains classification objects for different substances._ * _beer_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _beerBottle_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _beerCan_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _wine_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _wineBottle_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _cocktail_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _alcohol_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _cannabis_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _cigarette_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _cocaine_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _heroine_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _coffee_ _(0, -1, 0)_ ##### violenceCheck &gt; _Contains classification objects for violent items or acts._ * _camouflage_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _club_ _(0, -1, 0)_ * _knife_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _sword_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _pistol_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _rifle_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _cannon_ _(0, 0, 0)_ * _fire_ _(0, -1, 0)_ ##### textRecognition &gt; _Contains letters, numbers and some symbols (e.g. @, #, etc) as classification objects. These are grouped under a single name_ * _textRecognition_ _(0, 6, 6)_  _Classification objects that are marked with (*) are sub-classifications of face. Both face and the marked classification are affected by the given parameter values._  _Please be aware that the default values can be subject to change. This is due to the difficulty of recognizing certain objects e.g. objects that are classified as toy._ | must be one of ["face", "hand", "foot", "footwear", "chest", "breast", "vulva", "penis", "vagina", "buttocks", "anus", "oral", "penetration", "toy", "child", "adult", "senior", "pose", "female", "male", "hair", "hairless", "beard", "moustache", "headpiece", "glasses", "sunglasses", "mask", "slimSizedFace", "realSizedFace", "plusSizedFace", "slimSized", "realSized", "plusSized", "noNipple", "hasNipple", "beer", "beerBottle", "beerCan", "wine", "wineBottle", "cocktail", "alcohol", "cannabis", "cigarette", "cocaine", "heroine", "coffee", "camouflage", "club", "knife", "sword", "pistol", "rifle", "cannon", "fire", "nudityCheck", "ageVerification", "ageEstimation", "illegalSymbols", "textRecognition", "attributesCheck", "bodyAttributes", "nippleCheck", "unwantedSubstances", "violenceCheck", ] 
**min** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The minimum amount of objects allowed on the image. Setting the value to -1 will cause the AI to ignore this rule. For moving images this value is applied to a single frame. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**max** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The maximum amount of objects allowed on the image. Setting the value to -1 will cause the AI to ignore this rule. For moving images this value is applied to a single frame. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**severity** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Set a value to define the severity of a broken rule of the given classification object. | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of 100value must be a 32 bit integer
**drawMode** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Set if and how a classification object should be drawn over.  * _0_ - will draw nothing, * _1_ - will draw a frame with class name surrounding the object, * _2_ - will draw a filled rectangle that will mask the object, * _3_ - is a combination between _1_ and _2_ (frame/name + mask), * _6_ - will blur the object and * _7_ - is a combination between _1_ and _6_ (frame/name + blur). | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**grey** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | A grey scale color used in combination of _drawMode_ &#x27;2&#x27; or &#x27;3&#x27;. &#x27;0&#x27; will represent black, while the maximum &#x27;255&#x27; will be white. | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of 127value must be a 32 bit integer
**scale** | decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Scale of the bounds around the classification object. Specify a value to increase or decrease the size of the bounds. This is applied to the resulting media as well as the JSON coordinates. | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of 1.0value must be a 32 bit float
**ignore** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | A shorthand to ignore the classification object. This is equal to setting _min&#x3D;0_, _max&#x3D;-1_ and _drawMode&#x3D;0_. | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

